Feature/package references (#71)
madewithkoji/docs: src/asciidoc/reference/packages/withkojiCustomVccSdk.adoc

implement custom Visual Customization Controls (VCCs) for your template.
//end::description[]

> 

Author: Happy to make this change but I want to explain my justification for not doing that currently. I see the docs section as an area to better understand what Koji can do and what to use where and is more useful to new-comers; I see the refs section as a place established devs would come to read up on functions they've forgot or check return types in packages they are already aware of, this kind of thing.

I think by adding too much info in the ref section preamble you're making it more like the first port of call for that package which seems to break that pattern. I imagined if we find that a package isn't self explanatory within the references, instead of adding more content there, it would suggest a tutorial of some sort is needed in the docs section.

Let me know what you think.

> 

Reviewer: Yes, I agree with everything you said, and definitely don't want to make the reference into a tutorial hybrid. However, we still need to provide enough context for someone to evaluate whether they're in the right place. I might have suggested the wrong direction with the "basic workflow." We probably just need a few sentences saying, at a high level, what this is and why you'd use it. Right now, it just says the minimum that was needed to list it on the index page (which doesn't do a very good job distinguishing it from the VCC package, for example). You can probably rephrase some of the text from the VCC overview and/or custom VCC tutorial pages. Speaking of which, we should add a link from the VCC overview to this page :)

== Install

Install the package in your Koji project.

[source,bash]
npm install --save @withkoji/custom-vcc-sdk

== CustomVCC

[.hcode, id="new CustomVCC", reftext="new CustomVCC"]
=== new CustomVCC()

Instantiates `CustomVCC`.

==== Example

[source,javascript]
----
import CustomVCC from '@withkoji/custom-vcc-sdk';
const customVcc = new CustomVCC();
----

== CustomVCC methods

[.hcode, id=".blur", reftext="blur"]
=== .blur()

> Tracks blur events on the custom VCC for live collaboration.

Author: As mentioned, unsure whether this works now as Live collaboration may not work? Will check in with Sean/diddy to see if it works and how it works and update appropriately.

implement custom Visual Customization Controls (VCCs) for your template.
//end::description[]

> The Koji platform includes VCCs for standard elements, such as images, text, and sounds. In addition, you can build custom VCCs to provide new types of customizations that match closely with the application you are developing. For example, some Koji templates provide tile map editors, sound enhancers, or custom avatar creators to enhance the interactivity for remixers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Koji platform includes VCCs for standard elements, such as images, text, and sounds.
In addition, you can build custom VCCs to provide new types of customizations that match closely with the application you are developing.
For example, some Koji templates provide tile map editors, sound enhancers, or custom avatar creators to enhance the interactivity for remixers.
```

[source,javascript]
----
import CustomVcc from '@withkoji/custom-vcc-sdk';
const customVcc = new CustomVcc();
----

== CustomVcc methods

[.hcode, id=".change", reftext="change"]
=== .change(newValue)

Updates the VCC value with the user-entered value.

==== Parameters

* `newValue` – _Any_, current value of the VCC.

==== Example

[source,javascript]
----
customVcc.change(newValue);
----

[.hcode, id=".onTheme", reftext="onTheme"]
=== .onTheme(handler)

Listens to changes to the theme value, to retrieve values relating to the Koji display theme.
The theme returned in the listener allows you to style the VCC to match the user’s current theme on Koji (dark or light).

==== Parameters

* `handler` – _Function_, called when theme is available.
Receives the following property as input:

> ** `theme` – _Object_, represents the theme as an object with CSS colors and mixins.

Reviewer: Similar to the `props` object in `onUpdate`, it would be very helpful to have more info about the structure. Again, we could follow a similar pattern and pull out the info into a section that's linked from here. However, since this object is huge and it wouldn't be helpful to explain every property in it, we can provide a complete example and then just call out a few particularly useful properties in it. That should be enough to demonstrate the pattern for developers.

* `handler` – _Function_, called when theme is available.
Receives the following property as input:

> ** `theme` – _Object_, represents the theme as an object, see <<Theme>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `theme` – _Object_, represents the theme as an object. See <<Theme>>.
```

customVcc.change(newValue);
----

[.hcode, id=".focus", reftext="focus"]
=== .focus()

Tracks focus events on the custom VCC for live collaboration.

==== Example

[source,javascript]
----
customVcc.focus();
----

[.hcode, id=".onTheme", reftext="onTheme"]
=== .onTheme(handler)

Listens to changes to the theme value, to retrieve values relating to the Koji display theme.

==== Parameters

> * `handler` – _Function_, called when theme is available, first parameter will be the theme object.

Author: New push has added a brief description of the theme object. Let me know if we want to go with more detail and pull out the Interface into a seperate reference as per IapReceipt.

customVcc.change(newValue);
----

[.hcode, id=".focus", reftext="focus"]
=== .focus()

Tracks focus events on the custom VCC for live collaboration.

==== Example

[source,javascript]
----
customVcc.focus();
----

[.hcode, id=".onTheme", reftext="onTheme"]
=== .onTheme(handler)

Listens to changes to the theme value, to retrieve values relating to the Koji display theme.
The theme returned in the listener allows you to style the VCC to match the user’s current theme on Koji (dark or light).

==== Parameters

* `handler` – _Function_, called when theme is available.
Receives the following property as input:

> ** `theme` – _Object_, represents the theme as an object with css colors and mixins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `theme` – _Object_, represents the theme as an object with CSS colors and mixins.
```

Also, can we provide more information about the object structure?

==== Parameters

* `handler` – _Function_, handle changes to the custom value.
Receives the following property as input:

> ** `props` – _Object_, contains the properties of the VCC, see example for full structure.

Reviewer: It's hard to see the descriptions in the example. However, there's too much info to include the descriptions inline. So, we can try pulling this information into a separate section for **CustomVcc objects**, following the same pattern as in the IAP docs (updated earlier today to make this pattern more standard). The description might be something like this:
```suggestion
** `props` – _Object_, properties of the VCC. See <<_vccprops>>.
```
It can link to a section for VccProps that cross-links back to this method.

* `handler` – _Function_, handle changes to the custom value.
Receives the following property as input:

> ** `props` – _Object_, contains the properties of the VCC, see <<Props>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `props` – _Object_, contains the properties of the VCC. See <<Props>>.
```

customVcc.save();
----

[.hcode, id=".showModal", reftext="showModal"]
=== .showModal(type, currentValue, onComplete)

> Triggers the `image`, `sound`, `file`, and `obj` (3D) modals, these are the ones used by the built-in VCCs of the same names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opens the specified modal type, and invokes a callback function when the user selects a value in the modal.
The available modal types correspond to the built-in VCCs of the same name.
```

----

[.hcode, id=".showModal", reftext="showModal"]
=== .showModal(type, currentValue, onComplete)

Triggers the `image`, `sound`, `file`, and `obj` (3D) modals, these are the ones used by the built-in VCCs of the same names.
When a value is chosen in the modal it invokes the onComplete handler passing the new value to it.

==== Parameters

* `type` – _String_, modal type to display. Possible values are `image`, `sound`, `obj`, and `file`.
* `currentValue` – _Any_, current value of the custom VCC.
* `onComplete` – _Function_, called when modal has been resolved.
Receives the following property as input:
** `newValue` – _Any_, the value set within the modal by the user.

==== Example

[source,javascript]
----
customVcc.showModal('image', myImageUrl, (newUrl) => {
  // change and save VCC to use the new URL value
});
----

[.hcode, id=".uploadFile", reftext="uploadFile"]
=== .uploadFile(file, fileName, onComplete)

Uploads a file blob to the Koji CDN.

==== Parameters

* `file` – _Blob_, file blob data to be uploaded.
* `fileName` – _String_, name of the file to be uploaded.
* `onComplete` – _Function_, called when upload has completed.
Receives the following property as input:

> ** `url`  – _String_, the url of the uploaded file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `url`  – _String_, URL of the uploaded file.
```

});
----

== CustomVcc objects

=== Props

> A `props` object respresents the properties representing the current state of a custom VCC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `props` object represents the current state of a custom VCC.
```

It is returned to the handler listening to <<onUpdate>>.

The `props` object includes the following properties.

[source,javascript]
----
{
	type: string;<1>
	name: string;<2>
	value: any;<3>
	scope: string;<4>
	variableName: string;<5>
	options: object;<6>
	collaborationDecoration: object;<7>
	_config: object;<8>
};
----

> <1> `type` – the type signature for this vcc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> `type` – Type signature for this VCC.
```

> <2> `name` – string name of the VCC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> `name` – Name of the VCC.
```

> <3> `value` – current value of the VCC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> `value` – Current value of the VCC.
```

> <4> `scope` – name of the section where this vcc appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> `scope` – Name of the section where this VCC appears in the consumer application.
```
Is this the scope in the consumer application?

> <5> `variableName` – resolved variable name of this vcc (`scope.key`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<5> `variableName` – Resolved variable name of this VCC (`scope.key`).
```

> <6> `options` – an object containing any options passed in `typeOptions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<6> `options` – An object containing any options passed in `typeOptions`.
```

> <7> `collaborationDecoration` – an object containing any collaborators currently focused on this control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<7> `collaborationDecoration` – An object containing any collaborators currently focused on this control.
```

> <8> `_config` – the full VCC configuration file. Generally this is not needed, as most controls should be fully isolated to a single value, but this can be useful when creating more complex custom controls like map builders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<8> `_config` – The full VCC configuration file.
Most controls are isolated to a single value.
However, this object can be useful when creating more complex custom controls, like map builders.
```

=== Theme

> A `theme` object allows you to style using matching colours and styles from remixers' active theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `theme` object allows you to use styles that match the colors and styles of the remixer's active theme.
```

It is returned to the handler listening to <<onTheme>>.

The `theme` object includes the following properties.

[source,javascript]
----
{
	name: string;<1>
	breakpoints: object;<2>
	colors: object;<3>
	mixins: object;<4>
};
----

> <1> `name` – name of the theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> `name` – Name of the theme.
```

> <2> `breakpoints` – an object contain responsive style breakpoints of the theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> `breakpoints` – An object contain responsive style breakpoints of the theme.
```
It would be great to get an example of the properties in this object (also colors and mixins). Maybe we can just add a sample of a returned `theme` object value below. Alternatively, call out a few key properties in each object as examples.

> <3> `colors` – an object of key-value pairs representing the theme's named colors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<3> `colors` – An object of key-value pairs representing the theme's named colors.
```

> <4> `mixins` – an object containing css mixins to style specific elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> `mixins` – An object containing CSS mixins to style specific elements.
```
See previous comment
